Challenge is rated Medium with 60 points. It is under cryptography.

The challenge provides us with one download.
https://ctflearn.com/challenge/download/1022
Inside this zip file is a myriad of other files, that are all Compressed Zip Folders.

Upon inspection, each of these zip folders has another folder within it that is password-protected.

Randomly guessing or brute forcing isn't the way to go in these challenges

It seems like there's almost no clues and no way of which to proceed.

Upon inspecting the properties of each password protected file, there is a section called CRC-32 with a 8 character hex code in it.

Time to do some research. First to understand what CRC-32 is.

CRC stands for Cylic Redundacy Check, of which case the 32 stands for 32bit. 32bit isn't AES standard of 128bit or 256bit.
CRC is a calculation made from all the data in a file to ensure accuracy.
When we zip a file, there is a CRC value calculated for the file. It's an error-detecting code commonly used for data verification.

Next, we need to understand how compressed zip files work. 

We know that Zip files are a fantastic way to compress data into one directory on a computer, reducing the memory it takes up.
It does so by removing redundant data while making sure that the orginal data is intact (in a nutshell explanation).
It uses lossless compression algorithms to do that.

So, from my research, I can conlude that CRC-32 is sort of like the encrypted data of a file, of which it when opened it the computer checks the CRC value of the file and it's data before opening it.

If the data does not match the CRC-32 value, a CRC error occurs, indicating that there has been data damage or corruption, and that the file does not match the original data.
This explains why the challenge is under Cryptography. 

So, next thing I noted that each data file given is '1 byte' of data. The actual CRC-32 is 8 characters, indicating it is 4 bytes long. This shows how Zip compresses data. 

Decrypting the CRC-32 is of no use and it's not the password (I wish it was).

Alright, now after I understood CRC-32 and zip files in general, time to tackle this problem. 
I expect there to be some form of unzip code.

The math behind CRC-32 can be found here. The algorithm for CRC-32 is in crc.c
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclic_redundancy_check

Looking at the algorithm, the function takes the actual data and the length of the data.
Each CRC-32 character is generated by:
1. Initializing the CRC-32 value to the starting value '0xFFFFFFFFu'
2. Taking each character in the data and XOR it with the CRC-32 value. 
3. & 0xff will cause for the least siginificant byte to be left behind. This is known as masking! This masked number is the index number.
4. CRC-32 value is shifted down by 8 bits before being XOR'd with one 32-bit number from a table (with index from step 3. as the index number of the table)
5. This repeats for all the characters.
6. This value is then inverted/
7. Final product is the CRC-32 value we see on our zip file.

That's a lot to take in.
Important thing to take note is that this CRC-32 decryption only seems to work with text files that are 4 bytes or less, so you can't decrypt other CTFs with this. Shame.

Anyways, there are an abudance of tools we can use to decrypt this once we understand what we're looking at. 
https://github.com/skysider/crc32hack

This is the one I used. I'm not some god that is gonna do this from scratch. 
Decrypying the CRC-32 one by one makes this a beginner challenge.
Each decryption gives us 4 bytes of data, which slowly spell out the flag.

Glad to have learnt more about Zip files. Great challenge, took a few hours of thinking. 

Anyways, after decrypting all the files CRC-32 value, you get this flag!
CTFlearn{s0m3t1m35_u$1ng_h4rd_p4s5w0rd_i5_n0t_3n0ugh~ÙÑ!}





